# Cali-Birds-For-Sale
Conure Parrots Available At Our Store
Conure parrots
Purchasing Conure parrots for sale at Cali Birds is simple! Conure parrots are a perfect match for a person or family who appreciates the active engagement and discussion with their avian friend pets. While some Conure parrots may be louder pet birds, they are colorful and fascinating birds to own. Contact Us
Conure parrots can be quite playful, really cuddly and, at times, extremely loud. A conure is much more inclined to be inquisitive and bold rather than shy and careful. Conure parrots are active and busy birds that require a lot of toys and other forms of enrichment to maintain them happily entertained during the day. A conure can produce a great family pet because of its playful and outgoing individuality. In a family circumstance, children should be coached how to correspondingly connect to the conure, such as proper handling and not forcing interaction. A conure loves to be where its people are or on them; even going as far as to ascend under their owner’s shirt, head poking out of the collar, during cuddle time. Some Conure parrots will dance back and forth, and might even mimic its person’s motions. Conure parrots can also be taught to perform methods on cue if trained to make use of positive enforcement.
Conure parrots are energetic birds and want a spacious cage to move about and to accommodate toys. Minimum cage size for a conure is 36 inches long, 24 inches wide, and 24 inches high. Conure parrots typically love to bathe - in their water dish, in the shower with their owner or via a spray bath.
Conure parrots can be vulnerable to feather picking. If a complete medical exam rule out medical causes of feather plucking, dullness and/or lack of suitable mental excitement can be a cause. Give your conure an overflowing environment with plenty of possibilities for play and exercise, as well as a staple supply of safe items to chew. Conure parrots are also prone to Proventricular Dilatation Disease (PDD), Psittacine Beak and Feather Disease, Psittacosis, beak malocclusion and Aspergillosis. Regular health checkups by an avian veterinarian are crucial to your conure’s health, as they can help diagnose and treat many disease processes early on
calibirdsforsale.com
